Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
What reality garbage
are you watching now?
"The Cleansing Hour".
You've never heard of
"Father Lance"?!
Every week. an incredible
deliverance!
Is that what they call
special effects these days?
Here.
You're gonna like this.
I like "The Mindy Project".
Don't you want to witness
divine intervention?
Are you seeing this?
It's nice we can choose
the clothes together.
We're so lucky
not everybody can do that.
It'll be big on you.
but I'd like you to wear
my father's suit.
What do you think?
I don't care.
I'll wear whatever.
No. you must look smart.
It's an important day for me.
Lots of people are coming.
you must look perfect.
Then just choose
my clothes for me.
I'm not in the mood.
Shoes?
The brown ones are nicer. right?
Those ones rub
and give me sores.
I prefer the black ones.
These ones.
They're newer.
They're newer because
I never wear them.
They rub.
Then put some plasters on.
Why ask me which shoes I want
if you're going
to choose them yourself?
Which tie?
I like these two.
I don't like wearing a tie.
I never wear a tie.
It's not my style.
Style!
Style What's your style?
You look like a rustic.
I am a rustic and I like
the way I look. okay?
Shave that beard off.
You're not going
with that great beard.
You're not touching
my great beard.
I was practically
born with a beard.
You met me with this beard.
That beard is
going and that's that.
Don't you dare
I mean it. okay?
Darling.
That beard.
That beard it's disgusting.
It doesn't suit you.
It never has.
These clothes
that we're choosing
you'll be wearing for eternity.
We don't have much time
so make an effort and
help me with all of this.
You're the star.
Lots of people are coming
to see you one last
time at your wake.
So I want you to look
handsome and radiant.
They'll think that I've dressed
you badly because
you're a simple villager.
But that's what I am.
That's how I want
people to remember me.
With my shirts
with tracksuit bottoms
and. above all
with my beard.
Don't touch my beard. okay?
I have to get the flowers
the coffin and
call the last guests.
The burial is in three days.
So don't be selfish.
Cooperate a little. please.
Darling
why don't you just wait until
I die and you can do it
as you like.
Darling. I don't like
to remind you but
the doctor said you have
less than 48 hours left.
What if he's wrong?
He won't be wrong.
He looks so smart.
Are the clothes his?
Or are they from the funeral
home?
It's my father's suit.
We chose it together
for the occasion.
Rest assured. dear.
He's more handsome
dead than he was alive.
A little too much make-up
though. don't you think?
If not he'd be white and
would give us the chills
but I think it's a
complete waste of time.
He'll start to rot
in a few hours.
He looks better without a beard.
He looks younger.
He's unrecognizable
without it.
He looks gay.
I always told him to shave.
Without that beard.
he's so handsome.
He looks like a fairy.
Why did you shave him?
It was one of his last requests.
If you don't mind. could
you join the others?
I'd like to be alone with him.
Darling!
What the hell are
you doing alive?
I don't know.
I just woke up.
My God. what a shock.
How can this be?
The doctor confirmed your death
a few hours ago.
He confirmed it badly then.
Because. as you can see.
I'm alive.
I feel absolutely fine.
We're burying you in an hour.
Your friends are here.
it's all ready.
Even people who don't like
you came.
We'll cancel it that's that.
I'll go out right now
and explain it all.
Are you crazy?
It's been a lot of trouble.
There are hundreds of people.
There are high expectations.
That many people came?
It's a success.
I've always been a popular guy.
They'll be happy I'm alive.
Darling
I'm your wife and I love you
but it's too late now.
We're used to the idea now.
What do you mean?
We can't lose face.
We'd look stupid.
I'd be a laughing stock.
There's a lot at stake.
What do you mean?
You have to die.
You can't just
resurrect like this.
Are you serious?
Of course.
Shit You can't do this to me.
Juan. don't talk back to me.
Your mother is here.
My parents are on their way.
When they arrive. they
want you dead and buried.
We can't let them down.
I don't want to die yet.
I'm not ready.
Darling.
Do you love me?
Yes.
Well. if you really love me
die.
You want me to kill myself?
My little boy.
My little boy's gone.
Faustina. don't fuss over
him you'll crease his suit.
Goodness me.
He's so handsome
without his beard.
You shaved my beard in the end.
What are you doing alive?
I don't know but
I've woken up.
See?
Fresh as a daisy.
It's a miracle!
Yes.
Of course. I said that to her:
"It's a miracle". but
now I want to go outside and
give everybody the good news.
But she won't let me.
She says I have to die.
He wants to cancel the funeral.
He says he doesn't want
to be buried until he's dead.
Cancel the funeral?
Are you crazy?
Do you know the
amount of people here?
It's the funeral of the year.
It cannot be canceled.
But. Mum?
Don't "mum" me.
You'll be buried
today and that's that.
We can't lose face
with everybody.
But I don't want to die. Mum.
Son.
don't be selfish.
You have less than one hour
to die.
What rotten luck.
How am I supposed to do it?
I don't know.
I don't know Hold your breath
like when you have the hiccups.
Hiccups?
I can't.
I'm suffocating.
Darling. that's the idea.
I don't like it.
Think of another way.
I don't like this one.
Don't cry.
Cooperate a little. son!
If you want me to die
then think of something else.
Why don't you cut your veins?
How's it going. darling?
I feel a little dizzy
but that's about it.
The funeral workers are coming
in 30 minutes.
they can't find him like this!
Marisa. darling?
Go to the kitchen. get
the carving knife and stab me
as many times as it takes.
Me?
Stab you?
How can he be so macabre?
I can't take anymore.
Come on.
Harder.
You won't die.
Don't you feel anything?
My dear
my stomach hurts. but
I think I'm just nervous.
Damn it. Juanito.
Just die!
How's it going?
Mum!
We're running out of time.
People are impatient.
This bastard
doesn't want to die.
I'll help.
I found this in the kitchen.
Mum?
What are you going to do?
You keep stabbing him.
I'm going to whisk his stomach.
It's disgusting!
Life is disgusting
death more so.
What beautiful words. Mum.
Why are you smoking?
Smoking kills.
It'll take hours for
him to bleed out.
It's not working.
But the blood
is perfectly fluffy.
Fantastic.
Look at it all.
I didn't want to let anyone
down and now it's a disaster.
I gave my life
preparing this funeral
for nothing.
Who will clean all this blood?
What will we say?
What will they think of us?
Look!
Look at our dresses
and what we've
done to your son.
What do we look like?
You look like what you are:
Two fucking psychopaths.
How dare you insult your mother.
Who does he think he is?
Some manners!
He's not moving.
What?
He's not moving
or breathing.
Are you sure?
Yes
yes.
I think you killed him.
I killed
my son?
Yes. Faustina.
You killed him!
No.
I can't have done.
Not my son. no.
But Faustina. isn't
this what we wanted?
The worst thing that
can happen to a mother
is to lose her child!
But. at least
we don't have to
cancel the ceremony.
I think I scared them.
They didn't recognize
me without my beard.
What do we do now?
Why can't I die?
Why can't I die?!
Dr Gonzalez.
please go to surgery.
Now what? you fucking gringo.
I have my green card!
Well yeah.
You can help me.
give me my job back.
What the fuck did you do?
You destroyed my car.
fucking gringo!
And the gringo wants
to charge us for the wall.
Tell him no.
fucking racist gringo!
We won't pay you shit!
Mr. Trump
look. we are
honest people and
we only want to ask you to...
Who changed my case?
Who did you steal this from?
Well. it was there
Play the guitar!
Sing something. but in
English. or he won't understand.
Come here Mr. diplomat.
It's up to you to demand him
put it on!
If you don't
he'll step over our people
and destroy our culture.
Go. hurry up!
Now. who could save us?
Hey what's that?
It's a miracle!
It's quetzalcoatl.
Is it the hail Mary?
It is the hail Mary!
Hell yeah motherfucker!